Kingpin v1.2.x qbsp3 from KMQUAKE v1.13d

This is my modified qbsp3 map compiler with caulk, large map, and terrain support with source.
It's based off of Geoffery DeWan's QBSP3, available at:

http://home.insightbb.com/~gryndehl/q2compile/quake2.html

To enable terrain texturing, select the GenSurf/EasyGen-generated terrain brushes and make them a func_wall.
Give the new func_wall a terrain key set to 1.
You can create faux terrain texture blending by using the included gradients to create blended textures.
Terrain surfaces will automatically have a unique ArghRad phong shading value set, in case they were
generated by a version of GenSurf/EasyGen that doesn't have the option to set a surface value.

To automatically set phong shading on non-terrain GenSurf/EasyGen-generated wall surfaces, make them
a func_wall and give it a gensurf key of 1.

To enable large map support (bounds expanded to +/-16384), add the -largebounds parameter to the command line.

To allow more than 2048 entities in the map, and the -moreents parameter to the command line.

To enable alpha testing on textures with an alpha channel (TGA's) or color 255 (pink) areas (.wals),
set the 0x02000000 surface flag in the surface inspector (Unfortunately, only QERadiant 1.47 and
 newer GTKRadiant builds seem to show this flag).  More specifically, it's the seventh from the bottom in the second
column of surface flags.

To show verbose brush info, add -verbosebrushes or -vb to the command line.  This will show what brush
is currently being parsed in the event of a FloatPlane: bad normal error.

This version also supports caulk.  Surfaces with this texture (common/caulk) won't be included
in the BSP.  This can be used just like in the Q3 engine.

Hopefully, in future versions, caulk on non-visible surfaces will be used to denote detail and
terrain brushes that don't split up other adjacent brushes.  You may want to keep this in mind
when building your maps.

Texinfo for caulk/nodraw, clip, hint, origin, and areaportal brushes is now omitted.  This fixes the missing texture errors
when those textures under common/ are not included with a map.

Daikatana format .map files that include surface color info are now supported, but that info is not
currently written to the BSP.

-chop size defaults to 1024.  You'll need to set it to 240 to compile for regular Quake2.

TheGhost 2/17/2021
